#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
-e ../../cli
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
-e .
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via black
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk.assets==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-apigateway==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
aws-cdk.aws-codecommit==1.67.0
    # via orbit-codecommit
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-ecs==1.67.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   orbit-codecommit
aws-cdk.aws-kms==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
aws-cdk.aws-lambda==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
aws-cdk.aws-s3==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.67.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
aws-cdk.core==1.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.region-info==1.67.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
black==20.8b1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
boto3==1.17.7
    # via aws-orbit
botocore==1.20.7
    # via
    #   aws-orbit
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==1.1.2
    # via jsii
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   aws-orbit
    #   black
constructs==3.3.21
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
decorator==4.4.2
    # via jsonpath-ng
flake8==3.8.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
importlib-metadata==3.4.0
    # via flake8
isort==5.6.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.21.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
jsonpath-ng==1.5.2
    # via aws-orbit
marshmallow-dataclass[enum,union]==8.3.1
    # via aws-orbit
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via marshmallow-dataclass
marshmallow==3.10.0
    # via
    #   marshmallow-dataclass
    #   marshmallow-enum
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
mypy==0.800
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via black
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==2.2.0
    # via flake8
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
pyyaml-include==1.2.post2
    # via aws-orbit
pyyaml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   aws-orbit
    #   pyyaml-include
regex==2020.11.13
    # via black
s3transfer==0.3.4
    # via boto3
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   jsonpath-ng
    #   python-dateutil
toml==0.10.2
    # via black
tqdm==4.56.2
    # via aws-orbit
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
typeguard==2.10.0
    # via marshmallow-dataclass
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsii
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.6.0
    # via marshmallow-dataclass
urllib3==1.26.3
    # via botocore
zipp==3.4.0
    # via importlib-metadata
